Hi.
We didn't this lecture regrowing to see how to log users in so far we have created our user right.
So now we have the James user.
Now let's go into the sign and click and try to log that user in.
So of course we are going to use P.F. User class one more time here.
So I'm going to check to see if user name tags that tax is not empty string and password.
Tax that tax is not even an empty string.
One more time because if that's the case I don't want to send any requests to the server I just want
to go to an empty string message to the user.
Okay.
So I'm going to do what I have been doing so far.
I'm going to use make Eliot as a user name and password.
But if they're not empty strings then I will just begin to log the user in by using P.F. User class.
So again if you say P.F. user dot to you will see a lot of options like signing in signing out.
But we need something called the log in.
So there is the logout function.
We're going to use that later on.
But right now I need something with logging in of course we're going to log in in background we username
and password.
So as you can see we have this log in that chosen error and this is working sync erroneously.
We want something with backgrounds like this.
OK log in user name in background with its user name and password.
And this gives out a block.
So that's exactly what I want.
I want to log in with the user name and the password and see the results in a block.
So for user name I'm going to go for user name tax stop tax and I'm going to force unwrap this and for
a password of course I'm going to go for password text not text and for song wrap this as well and for
block if you hit enter it will give you either a user or an error.
OK.
So this time we don't get any boolean like we did before.
Right now we get a user.
So let me call this user and let me call this error.
So insight does closure.
Let me just close this.
So we can't see better.
OK.
Let me close this one as well.
I'm going to check to see if error is not nil.
And of course if area is not nil I'm going to say s stop make Eliot and for a title I'm going to go
for error and for message error dot localized description with a default value of error so if that's
the case I'm going to display this.
But if it's not if I don't have any error messages it means that my user has signed then.
So generally I want to do a Segway in here every going to do that.
Once we create our other we have controllers.
So I'm going to take an old saying Segway for right now.
I'm just going to show you what this user has.
If you say user dot you can just get the user email.
You can just get the user password user that the user name and if you want to do something with that
user variable you're more than welcome to do over here.
Right.
So right now all I want to do is just print out something like welcome OK.
Maybe we can do something like user dot user name.
And before that we can just print out the welcome message.
Of course we don't do that in real app.
I'm just doing that as an example to see if we manage to log the users in.
So let me run these on our simulator and let's go for James but for password let's leave this blank
as you can see we get we got the error so it's working fine.
Let me give our own password as you can see we get the invalid user name or password from the PA server.
So this is our error message.
And if I give the wrong our right credentials as you can see the logs me in.
So we have created signing in and signing up functions but we cannot actually use them since we don't
have any further view controllers at this moment.
And I believe this is the time that we stop here and create these places we have controller in which
we display the existing places in the server so that users can choose one of them and display the details.
But we are going to do that in the next lecture.